- Previously on "Killjoys"...
- What's inside?
- This one Khlyen
made me was a safe house,
but the first one he made
was a prison for Aneela.
- So one keeps Aneela out,
the other locks her in.
- Meet Lucian Kitaan.
She's Hullen...
a hive-minded sociopath.
- The combined memories
of every Six get stored here.
D'Avin can connect to the green
and flip through his memories
like a radio dial.
- Label this Jaqobis One.
- Looks like it's time
to get to work, Brynn.
- Gander used my research.
It was only
supposed to be a theory,
but it worked.
- Commander
Alfred Olyevich Turin,
you're under arrest for sedition
and crimes against your people.
- You do this to take away
other people's sins.
Does it work on yours?
- I need you
to do something for me.
You're not gonna like it.
- You found them.
- Wasn't exactly hard.
Scarbacks and knives,
it's kind of your thing.
- These aren't just any knives.
Have you heard
of Reckoning Night?
The Thirteen Who Went to Arkyn?
- What happened on Arkyn?
- A long time ago,
the Devil came to the Quad.
Like a virus,
she hid in our bodies,
our blood.
The only way to reveal
who had been defiled
was with the cut of a blade.
That's why
the Scarbacks were born...
To show who was pure
and who had the Devil inside.
One night, 13 monks
looked to the barren moon
of Arkyn,
where they met
the Devil face-to-face...
and swore to kill her.
— Did they?
- No.
No, they did not.
The night before
they left for Arkyn,
knowing they might never return,
each monk went
to someone they loved,
or hated,
someone they
needed to reckon with.
So now, before a battle,
we give a confession
or a curse...
One last thing to say
before the end.
- How do you know it's the end?
I don't.
But I do know it's coming.
- Okay, let me show you.
This plasma is
from a single pool.
Original source.
Secondary source.
- I know how this works, Dutch.
- You kill
the original source...
and the secondary one dies, too.
Aneela was my original source.
She made me from her memories.
So, when she dies, I die.
- | get all that.
I don't get why
you think the only way
to stop her is to kill her.
Maybe there's another way.
- D'Av, she's a psychotic bitch
with daddy issues.
Trust me, I know the type.
There's no other way.
- I want to hear
what Johnny has to say.
He'll have ideas.
- No.
No matter what happens,
you do not tell Johnny.
- Why?
- You're his brother.
You know he won't
be able to handle this.
- An enemy ship
is approaching The Rack.
-An unknown Black Root ship
just docked.
- How the hells did it
blow past our auto cannons?
-As soon as we picked it up,
the entire defense grid
went offline.
And before you ask
the next obvious question,
no, we cannot see inside...
It's blocking our scanners.
Anybody order delivery?
- Let's not go
total bullet festival
till I get a look
at this beauty.
- Well, don't kill anyone
on my account.
Oh, I do hate to be a bother.
- You're...
- Alive?
Pregnant? Ravishing?
Yes, all true.
But I'm sure
you have lots of questions.
Fire away, so to speak.
- What the shit
are you doing here?
- As emissary
for Commander Aneela Kin Rit,
l, Delle Seyah Kendry
of House Kendry,
invoke your
hospitality and protection
to engage in Parley.
- Parley?
In this century?
- You can't be serious.
- Oh, I'm very serious.
But I do have
one demand, though.
I'll only do it
with Johnny Jaqobis...
alone.
I killed you once before.
What makes you think
that I won't do it again?
- I'm sure you want to.
But you won't...
not when I'm carrying
your own brother's baby.
- What did you do?
- J‘ Ooh, ooh
J“ Ooh, ooh
J“ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh J‘
J“ Ooh, ooh.
- Hullen can't have babies.
- Easy.
- This is bullshit.
- D'Av.
- Trust me, I think
I would have remembered
knocking up the most evil
woman in the universe.
- I wouldn't believe Delle Seyah
if she told me
my name was Dutch,
starting with
this Parley nonsense.
- That part's real.
It's some serious
ancient-world shit.
Before war,
an emissary from either side
could meet and give
their final demands.
- Can I bother one of you
for a snack?
I am eating for two these days.
- Okay, now she's
just messing with me.
- There's no way
she wants peace.
But she took a big risk
coming here.
Why?
- Parley rules.
Neither side can harm or hinder
the other while they talk.
She probably thinks she's safe.
- Well, let her think that.
Look, we need to know
when the Armada's on their way,
what she's planning.
Johnny, you need to
keep her talking.
- Keep her talking?
After what she did?
Do you know
what you're asking me?
- What we're asking for is time.
Trust me.
We need it.
- I'll see you on the
battlefield. Excuse me, boys.
l was hoping to run into you.
- Same.
We're gonna need every
able-bodied Scarback we can get.
— They'll be ready.
What about you?
- I'm always ready.
- For Reckoning Night?
- I appreciate
the sentiment, Alvis,
but I don't have time for
hookups and magic knives.
I've got a Quad to save.
- The knives aren't magic.
But they are useful.
No one knows if we're
ever coming back from this.
- Some of us do.
But I'll take it
to spare sad monk face.
- So what do you want?
- Ah, ah, ah.
The words.
We have to
do this right, Jaqobis.
"Into this circle,
I, John Jaqobis,
"do welcome you,
Delle Seyah Kendry.
"No man or woman shall harm you,
but they harm me,
until Parley breaks."
- "Until Parley breaks," yes.
I knew you'd come through.
- You don't know me,
Delle Seyah.
But you took
a big risk coming here.
- Not that big.
If I'm not returned unharmed
within 12 hours,
15,000 skyfire missiles
will turn Westerley into dust.
And I know you well enough
to be sure
that you don't want that on
your adorable little conscience.
I'm here to talk.
- So talk.
What do you want?
- Simple.
Give us Dutch.
- That's it?
And then, uh... then you go home?
- Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
No, we're still taking the Quad.
We'd just like to do it
without all the fighting
and resisting and whatnot.
- So... total surrender?
Is there anything else?
- Oh, you don't seem to be
taking this very seriously.
- Oh, but I've got my
"totally taking this seriously"
face on and everything.
- Oh.
Oh. Ha ha.
Oh, that's a new one.
I'm trying to help you, Jaqobis.
- Don't bother.
The Quad will never accept
any of this without a fight.
- Forget the Quad.
I'm talking about something
far more personal.
Make the accord,
and I will spare you
and your brother.
- Expand search perimeter 25%.
All ranges open.
Where are you, Aneela?
We searched the entire Quad...
No energy spikes,
no heat signals.
If the Armada's here,
we can't see it.
- We need to
go somewhere and talk.
Zeph and l have an idea.
- Talk here.
I'm waiting for another scan.
- Everybody out!
Now!
General's orders!
Not you, Zeph.
- D'Av...
is this about Delle Seyah?
Because nobody believes
that baby shit.
- I don't care about that.
Actually, I'm...
pretty freaked out,
but that's not
what this is about.
Zeph, talk.
- I'm really not getting
the "Dutch wants
to hear Zeph talk" vibe.
- Zeph.
- Okay.
Um, if the Armada's
as close as we think,
there's no way I can get
the Sonic ready in time
to mind-bang their ships
like we planned,
but maybe we can use this.
- Khlyen's cube.
What, do we all hide in it
until the Armada flies away?
- Not us, her.
We don't need to kill Aneela.
We just need to get her inside
and keep her there,
like Khlyen did.
You've been in her memories.
You know what she wants.
What would she come for?
- Well, we know that
she wants to kill me.
- What if she thinks
you're in the cube?
The Hullen share memories.
What if we could find a way
to implant a memory
into the green that makes her
think you're there?
She would go to it.
- D'Av.
- This could work, Dutch.
This could save you.
All right.
And I think I know
someone who can help
with that memory swap.
- Me too.
- I am telling you
right now, my family
is not gonna pay any ransom.
You!
Wow, with... with the
black hood and everything!
- Yeah, for old times' sake.
- Well, I am touched.
But no wonder
I didn't recognize you.
Where were all the threats
to punch me in the face?
- Look, we need some help
with some underground shit.
We have to find a way
to take a memory from one person
and put it into someone else.
And we can't ask John.
Want to help source some tech?
- Sounds interesting...
and creepy.
- Which is why I thought of you.
- Are there ladies involved?
- Kind of.
Trust me, Pip,
this one isn't your type.
- Make 'em nice and tight,
flesh bag.
I like a good challenge.
Mmm, you give back rubs
to all the girls
you spring from the brig?
- I'm not springing you.
It's a day trip.
And this is definitely
not a back rub.
It's insurance.
- I will tear your eyes out
and feed them to you,
meat stick.
- You'll heal, eventually.
So long as my knife is between
your second and third vertebrae,
you won't be able
to scratch your own ass.
So play nice
and do exactly as I say.
- Clever girl.
I'll give you this.
You're definitely
as crazy as her.
- I didn't say you could talk.
- Fancy...
do you know what tonight is?
Do I look like
the religious type?
- I've been thinking about you.
Being taken by the Hullen.
Couldn't have been easy...
being cut off
from everyone you knew.
- You ever buy
your own bullshit, monk?
- Funny you should ask.
Fancy Lee...
I'm here to say I'm sorry.
- For what?
- For not being there
when you needed it...
and not seeing that until now.
- Your knife.
- It's yours now.
- Uh, Pip,
I appreciate your help,
but in the future,
give me a heads-up
if our destination
is a VR circle jerk.
- You said
you wanted underground, okay?
This is as underground
as it gets.
Also, technically,
it's a "circle jack."
Also, I wouldn't touch anything.
Oh, Mano!
Mano!
- Hey, hey. We're trying to keep
this on the down low, remember?
- D'Av, D'Avinski,
what's my middle name, baby?
Annoying.
- Good timing, Pip-man.
New batch just came in.
"Shower Day in
a Terlian Salt Mine."
- Ha. Okay.
What a perv this guy is, huh?
- You're gonna love it.
Hey, you want your usual
"Mommy Domineer-ist"...
- Okay. Hey.
Anyway, uh... Hush.
l-l sent you a message.
About the false memory stuff?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, like you aren't
into some weird shit, too.
Okay, don'tjudge me.
- But it's like I said...
This shit ain't
just heavy, okay?
This is, uh, beyond virtual.
You jack something in with this,
pleasure, pain,
you think it happened.
You think it happened.
For realsies.
- Good.
Because if it doesn't work,
I will come back
and show you pain.
For realsies.
- God, that's hot.
- You know I'm not
about to sell out
every single person in the Quad
just so that I can be safe.
- Fight us, and there won't
be many living left.
I'm trying to help you all.
Trust me.
- The last time that I did that,
you killed someone that I loved.
Pawter, still?
You really have to
let that one go.
I mean, uh, you killed me.
Am I carrying a grudge?
Besides...
we're family now.
- We know the Hullen
can't get pregnant.
- Well, don't
take my word for it.
I wouldn't.
Test me.
DNA samples, whatever you want.
| submit to you completely.
- Thanks.
I got a war to get ready for.
- Please.
- You want me to scan you?
-Agreeing to Parley
was the only way
I could convince Aneela
to let me off the Armada.
I need to know
what's really inside me.
- No, Dutch, it's too dangerous.
I cannot let you go.
- I need to do this, D'Avin.
l have to go
into the cube, alone.
It's the only place
I'll be safe.
Aneela will never
think to find me there.
- Damn it.
You're right.
But I still don't like it.
- Stop.
No. Just stop.
What?
You guys literally
just pissed in my eyeballs
with that performance.
D'Avin, what is this?
What are you doing
with your hands?
When have you ever seen
a human being do that? Okay?
You lie to people
for a living, right?
- It's different
when you're being recorded.
- What am I supposed to do
with these?
Here.
Try this.
- Now I don't know
what to do with the cup.
- Just improvise, all right?
Be honest, except
for the whole lying part.
All right, it's gonna be great.
It's gonna be really good.
From the top.
And... act.
- No, Dutch, it's too dangerous.
I cannot let you go.
- I know it's risky.
And I know you
don't want to do this.
As long as I'm in the cube,
Aneela can't find me.
I'll be safe.
This could work, D'Av.
This could save me.
- Aw.
How'd you know
it was my birthday?
And you got me my very own
little boy to chew on.
What does that mean?
- Come a little closer,
I'll show you.
- Behave.
We've got tests to run.
— You ran all sorts
on me in the brig.
You keep sticking me
with things.
Starting to think you're...
sweet on me.
- Okay.
It's showtime.
- No, Dutch, it's too dangerous.
I cannot let you go.
My voice does not
sound like that.
- I know it's risky...
- Does it?
- I know you don't want...
What's wrong?
What did you just do?
- I don't know. The tech
is super prototype-y. Hang on.
Aw.
Were you trying to noodle
with my noggin?
Here we go.
- Whatever it is,
it's definitely organic.
- What kind of organic, girl?
- Well, it's hard to say.
That can be a hand or a foot...
or a claw.
Whoa, your heart rate
just spiked.
- Well, I wonder why that is!
- Easy.
Easy.
- Okay, there.
Stop.
There.
And it's a perfectly
normal-looking baby.
- How? Hullen parasites
would attack the fetus.
- I don't know, but I'd say
five, maybe six months.
Try three weeks.
- That's concerning.
— Oh.
- Moment of truth.
Paternity results.
There's Daddy.
How do you think | feel?
I'm carrying the nephew
of my own killer.
Oh! Something's wrong.
- What the hells is that?
- Oh! Oh, it hurts!
Something is wrong.
- Just... just breathe.
We're trying... Zeph, come on.
- I don't even know
which setting is safe.
- How about the one
that stops the hurting?
Oh, it stopped.
What did you do?
— | flooded your abdomen
with low-frequency
sound wave patterns
at varied harmonic ranges.
- She played it a lullaby.
The baby's sleeping.
You're welcome.
That was nice work.
- Well, it wasn't
hard to counteract
when I realized someone
set the scanner
to stimulate the baby's
adrenaline receptor.
- I'm trying to figure out
what we're dealing with.
No way that's
a normal human kid.
Whoa, is that cell regeneration
even possible?
- No.
But maybe... yes?
Aw, look at you
being all bio-curious.
Admit it,
I'm rubbing off on you.
I mean, not in a sexual way.
Unless you want to...
- |... What?
- Hmm? Sorry.
Reckoning Night.
Anyway, uh, here's the thing.
The Hullen only need us as hosts
because they can't reproduce
on their own.
But if they can use D'Av's
resistance to the plasma,
they won't need us anymore.
- What's to stop them
from wiping us out for good?
That's notjust a baby.
That's our extinction.
- Nice view.
Thanks for the upgrade.
- Oh, don't thank me yet.
Do you recognize where we are?
- Nope.
But I recognize you.
I served her, you know,
our mad commander.
When I first saw you,
I assumed she had a plan.
I mean...
You could practically be her.
I'm sorry.
Did I touch a nerve?
- You know, you talk a lot
for someone's who's about
to watch her entire race
go down screaming.
- It's gonna
take a lot of knives
in a lot of spines, honey.
- No.
We're going to implant
a fabricated memory
in your brain and then upload it
to the Hullen hive mind
and lead your commander
into an ambush.
And you're gonna let us do it.
- Well, that's
refreshingly honest.
And I'm sure the torture
will be delish.
But I'm Hullen, sweetie.
And I will fight you...
forever.
- You still don't see
where we are,
do you?
It's the Latimer-6 system.
There's not much here...
A few old moons...
but one interesting
unnamed planet
that houses a massive
underground pool of plasma.
The one that
was used to turn you.
- There's no way
you could know that.
- We know a lot of things...
Locations of the sources...
and thanks to
the tests that we did
and Johnny's plasma map...
which one is yours.
We also know
that if we destroy it,
we turn you back
to what you were before.
So I don't need to torture you.
I just need to
take away the one thing
that makes you special...
unless you play really nice.
Sorry.
Did I touch a nerve?
Gonna go look
at this other wall now.
Trying to pace myself.
See, I call this one Westy...
- Psst.
— Or, no, wait.
Is this Easty?
I can never get them straight.
You at least gonna
give me one of those,
make it a fair fight?
- Yeah, that's not
how this usually goes.
- War's coming.
It's Reckoning Night.
- Well, jeez, Fancy,
never took you for a Scarboob.
But I suppose you got
as good a reason as any
to want to reckon with me.
- You don't have to
stay trapped.
It's up to you.
- So I walk out of here,
and we're pals again?
Or I'm just another warrant
for you to fill?
- There are no warrants now.
It's war,
and I still don't trust you.
I'm just giving you a chance
to prove me wrong,
the chance you owed me.
- Why tranq her?
- So she won't
remember this part.
- Okay, once we get
the memory implanted,
we put her hand in here,
and everything should be
automatically uploaded
to the Hullen hive mind,
as soon as she
touches the plasma.
You okay?
Listen, Sabine taught me
to memoryjump.
I can do this.
- We have weird jobs.
We're going to implant
a fabricated memory
in your brain, upload it
to the Hullen hive mind,
and lead the commander
to an ambush.
And you're gonna let us do it.
- Stop.
Okay, this is the one
we need to isolate and remove.
Get the next one ready.
Okay, that's the one.
Lock it in.
- I know it... it's risky.
- It's in.
- You better not pee on me.
- Keep 'em coming.
- Round five it is.
Now, while I'm gone
fighting the good fight,
make sure you keep the top-shelf
hokk towards the front,
rotgut in the back.
The drunker these sailors get,
the less discerning
their palates are.
Which reminds me...
- Yeah, yeah.
Hokk, rotgut, got it.
Anything else?
- Thank you?
Might be nice to go
fight a war for a bit.
-Oh...
so now you like my mugs?
- Whoa, do not get crazy.
These are still
dishware felonies.
And after what
we just pulled off,
we need to celebrate.
- Shouldn't we be toasting
to the new daddy?
- I did not have sex
with that woman.
- D'Av, l'm joking.
- Look, I've done a lot of
things I don't always remember...
- D'Av.
Thanks for the plan...
and for not giving up.
- So stupid.
"Check the tech
for us, Pippin."
"Risk your ass
"Make sure the crazy lady
stays sedated, Pippin."
They treat us like slaves, Lucy,
not people.
- I'm a computer, Pippin.
I'm better than a person.
- Okay, easy now.
I'm sure you're very special,
but being human,
we have this kind of
inherent awareness
that's just...
- Are you aware
the prisoner is awake?
-Wha...
- What did you do to me?
- Pippin, I can alert Dutch.
- No.
No, um...
H can handle this.
Morning.
You should be asleep,
little lady.
Um, I can fix this.
- Pippin?
Do you know
what happens to a knife
the longer it's been sitting
in blood and spinal fluid?
- Uh, that's
an oddly specific question.
- It gets wet and slippery,
and then...
it falls out.
- Oh, shit.
- I believe that belongs to me.
- We probably shouldn't
get completely hammered
until we're back.
- Orjust hear me out.
We should because...
You're gonna be okay.
And it's Reckoning Night.
- True.
- Dutch.
- What is it, Lucy?
- Brace for impact.
Lucy, status.
Lucy.
D'Av.
D'Av, wake up.
Lucy, open the cockpit door!
- Sorry, occupied.
I told you to fly the ship,
chew toy,
not crash into an asteroid.
So get us up and running,
or | get mean.
- I'm trying,
but the computer is offline.
Remember the part when I said
that I'm not a pilot?
- The only people
who stay alive on this ship
are the ones who can help me.
I‘d suggest you learn...
fast.
- You make
a compelling argument.
- I know what you did.
The memory implant.
Using me
to get it into the green.
Your little mascot here
told me everything.
-All right, Kitaan,
what do you want?
- I just need to get to
the closest pool of plasma
so I can warn my people, but...
looks like you brought me
to the Latimer—6 system!
Convenient.
Except for your
busted-ass ship.
- Fine.
Open the cockpit doors.
I can help with that.
— Oh, you severed
my spine, darling,
not my brain functions.
Once this ship is online,
I'll be venting all the cabins.
Now, me...
I can survive without oxygen
for a very, very long time.
What about you?
- Daddy, we know.
Now meet Mommy.
- Dutch?
- Well, that's what the RAC
database thought at first,
but we looked more closely.
The DNA strand is actually
a perfect reverse of hers,
which we know belongs to...
- Aneela?
- She didn't tell you?
- Aneela's a ruler,
and rulers have their reasons.
- You're not actually loyal
to her, are you?
- I wouldn't expect you
to understand.
But I do need to go now.
- I don't think that
that's a good idea.
-Aneela will need to hear
that you rejected her offer.
Parley is over.
- Well, you didn't hear
my counteroffer. Stay.
Let's observe you,
make sure whatever happened
to your baby
doesn't happen again.
It's like you said...
We are family now.
- Hmm.
So, while I'm here,
I suppose we'll have to
postpone the invasion,
and you can get all your
little war ducks in a row?
I don't think so.
Thank you, John.
I'm sure helping me wasn't easy.
- I'm sorry.
Did you just have
an actual human moment?
- It's hard...
to love something
and then lose it.
| get that now.
- I will never forgive you.
- I wouldn't respect you
if you did.
- Hey, Kitaan.
You've got a problem.
You'll never make it to Latimer
if this ship can't fly.
But let's make this interesting.
l have one last container
of plasma on this ship,
and the only thing standing
between you and it...
is me.
- You do know
the way to a girl's heart.
But I know you, too, sweetie.
- I am not Aneela.
- Oh, I can see that now.
Because as crazy
and broken as she is,
she's a leader.
And you...
you're just an echo of her...
a shadow.
lwin.
Aah! Ugh!
- Shit.
- Oh.
Is this the part
where you threaten to space me
unless I really
help you this time?
- No.
Your memory's in the green now.
Our plan is blown.
My friend's probably gonna die.
You win.
- What do you want?
You can't kill me this way.
I can live out in space forever.
- That's what I'm counting on.
Lucy, take out the trash.
- Gladly.
- Wait! Wait!
- Let's see
if she's still standing
after The Devil's Bullwhip.
Great.
- That's it.
Enough with
the sighs and the stares
and the whatever this is.
Speak now or forever
hold your shade.
- Do you know
it's Reckoning Night?
- Know it?
It's paying for our next
three vacations right now.
- So?
Anything to reckon with me?
Don't I matter to you?
- Oh, Gar-Bear.
Since I've been on Westerley,
I've seen more Reckonings
than I can count.
You know what I found?
What people say when
they think they're gonna die,
that's not what matters.
What matters is that
you come back alive
to the ones you love.
And after all this,
I am coming home to you.
- Okay, I like him!
Thanks, Ma.
- That's your mother?
- Yeah.
I wanted her blessing.
She's my Reckoning.
Also, she's a drunk.
- Welcome to the family.
- What?
- This...
isn't the way we came
from the hangar.
- You're not going
to the hangar.
You're going to the brig.
- Well, you can't do that.
Parley...
- Is a bunch of old words.
And this is war.
- You know what this means,
don't you?
We have 15,000 skyfire missiles
aimed at Westerley.
- I know.
But I have something
even better.
l have the Hullen heir.
- Oh, you are making
a very risky move here.
-And you made a mistake.
You showed me what mattered
to your commander... you.
- Oh, I have to say
I'm almost impressed.
I really didn't expect this
from you, Jaqobis.
- Well, then that was
your other mistake,
because I told you,
Delle Seyah...
you don't know me at all.
Take her.
- Hey, there he is.
Feel like lending a hand?
- Oh, sorry, Pip.
l was trying to figure out
how to say thank you
for telling
our prisoner everything,
crashing our ship,
and knocking Lucy offline.
- Actually, D'Avin,
I remained offline
as part of his plan,
until you were able
to stop the intruder.
- Sorry, what was that, Lucy?
Are you saying that all this
was part of my brilliant ruse
to stall for time?
- It was.
And Pippin even
continued his ruse
by telling the Hullen intruder
that if she did
kill you and Dutch,
he was open to negotiation.
- Thank you.
Lucy, that's fine.
- But it was difficult
to follow this part,
as he was weeping uncontrollably
at the time.
I'm gonna check the coupler.
- Where's Kitaan?
- Orbit.
Look, when we
get back to The Rack,
we're gonna grab John
and get him and Zeph
to nerd-smack the Sonic
into some version
we can actually use.
- D'Av, stop.
- Look, you're still bleeding.
I'll take two seconds...
- Not that.
Just...
All the plans trying to save me,
just, please, stop.
- You really are giving up.
- No.
I'm giving in.
I need you to tell Johnny.
- No.
- I can't tell him.
He can't handle it if I go.
- Why does everybody
always think that I can?
Do you know what you are?
- I'm just trying...
- Selfish.
Standing there bleeding
like you're some kind of martyr,
like the whole universe
rests on your shoulder.
Well, it doesn't.
You're not
some special snowflake.
You know what? You're not even
a very good Killjoy.
You never follow orders.
You drink too much.
You sleep
with all the wrong guys.
- I'm gonna miss
our little talks.
I'm gonna miss...
John's stupid in-jokes
with Lucy.
I'm gonna miss...
that time when John was gone
and it was just me and you...
kicking Hullen ass
and...
drinking too much...
and sleeping
with the wrong people.
Hey.
Remember that, um...
That sexer
at the Leithian Harvest?
- Oh.
Wow, I almost forgot about her.
- What about you and...
Captain Bucktooth?
- He had nice... eyes?
Hands?
- Who can remember?
- You're still bleeding.
-We||...
it's Reckoning Night.
-J‘lamapoor
J“ Wayfaring stranger
J” While traveling through
J” This world of woe
J“ Yet there's no sickness
J“ No toil or danger.
- Back behind that top shelf,
there's the worst
whiskey moonshine ever made.
I'll take the bottle.
- Coming up.
- J‘ I'm going there
J“ To see my father.
- To fallen friends.
Yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
- J‘ No more to roam
J” I'm only going
J“ Over yonder
J“ Over home
- We talked.
- Well?
You can do all
the sweet-talking you want,
I'm not gonna change my mind.
- Dutch.
— This is the only way.
- I know.
We're in.
- You are?
- I've been with you long enough
to know when
your mind's made up.
But I'm not gonna
let you do it alone.
- We're gonna
infiltrate her ship.
Get me close enough to kill her,
and after that...
after that, I'm gone.
I can't get you out of this,
not this time.
- Why should you get
all the fun?
- So...
should we get shitfaced
for Reckoning Night?
- I've got one last thing
to do, but...
I'll see you
at the Royale, okay?
- So you think
we can get around this?
- I know I'm gonna try
whether she likes it or not.
Oh, yeah, and the baby?
It's yours.
Sorry.
- Well, sorry I knocked up
your mortal enemy.
- That's all right. I got her
right where I want her.
-J‘lamapoor
J“ Wayfaring stranger
J” While traveling through
J” This world of woe.
- You came.
- Well, l have
a lot to reckon with.
- Dutch, take it from someone
who knows martyrs.
Not everything is on you.
- No.
Not everything.
But this is.
J” I'm going there
J” To see my father
J“ No more to roam.
- A long time ago,
the Devil came to the Quad.
- The only way to reveal her...
- Was with the cut of a blade.
- J‘ I know dark clouds
J“ Will gather round me
J” I know my way
J“ ls rough and steep
J“ Over yonder
J” I'm only going over home